A. Introduction

In the field of Interaction design, in involves four basic process mainly known as the Identifying needs and establishing 
requirements, developing alternative designs, building the interactive version of the design and the last process which 
is evaluating. These four activities of Interaction design serves as the frame or skeleton in the case study, it provides
the criteria for us to evaluate the over-all design of the machine. Every machine must undergo these processes to identify
and meet the specific task is should perform. Having knowledge of what Interaction Design is provides ease on how to 
evaluate the Product on this Case Study. It will also allow us formulate questions such as does it meet the requirements
given or what are the possible improvements for this design. This serves as the guide not only to have the knowledge to
criticize but also the ability to see the improvement and build alternative design for the product. In simple word the
Interaction design help to identify the machine our case study if it is properly planned.


B. The process of Interaction Design




1. Identifying needs and establishing requirements for the user experience (Establishing Requirements)
       
       A. Kinds of Requirements
       RCBC
       Environment or context of use
       -need answer
       
       Users: Who are they?
       -The ATM machine possess a simple design making it very easy to operate, it does not require users to have  a 
       high level mastery in computers to perform a particular task, every buttons are displayed with labels that are 
       precise with the functions it offers, every instructions are provided to every page, such as what to enter, what
       category to select and what are the  transactions that are done, it only requires the user to read and follow
       every step carefully to accomplish a task, every user has the capacity to learn even those who has no experience
       with computers, it only requires a correct understanding of the flow of instructions.
       
       METROBANK
       Environment or context of use
       -need answer
       
       Users: Who are they?
       The machine is very learnable because it has directions to fit every user. It has voice instructions for users
       with strong auditory senses and uses arrows for people with visual strengths. Users must have knowledge on basic
       mathematical operations such as addition and subtraction for them to know how much money they will withdraw, or 
       in some cases, deposit. The machine is very straightforward and direct on the transactions that should be made. 
       Any user that has the capability to read well the instructions will not find a hard time operating the machine.
       

       STERLING BANK OF ASIA
       Environment or context of use
       -need answer
       
       Users: Who are they?
       -As mentioned in the positive personal experiences list, a beginner computer user with almost zero knowledge 
       about intermidiate computer functions can access the ATM’s, as long as they know how to read instructions, press
       the buttons, and they should be knowledgeable about the basic banking transactions offered by their banks through
       ATM’s. Of course they should be bringing the debit cards with them when accessing the machine as it’s the most 
       important item. 
       
    
       B. Current Process/Steps
       RCBC
       -need answer
       
       METROBANK
       -need answer
       
       STERLING BANK OF ASIA
        Balance Inquiry:

       1.  Push the button beside “balance inquiry” (pointed by red arrow). It should bring you to PICTURE 2.
       2. Choose the kind of balance you want to check. It should lead you to PICTURE 3.

       Deposit:

       1. Pick “Transfers” (shown by the blue arrow).
       2. Select Transferee Bank.
       3. Enter the account number of the account you wish to transfer funds to. Afterwards, it would lead you to the same window as shown in PICTURE 2.
       4. Select type of bank account to be used.
       5. The window in PICTURE 4 should appear. Type and confirm the desired amount.

       Withdraw:

       1. Pick “Withdraw Cash” (shown by the violet arrow). 
       2.Choose where to withdraw from the list shown in PICTURE 2.
       3. Type and confirm the desired amount in the input box shown in PICTURE 4.


       C. User Experience
       
       Positive
       1.The interface design is simple and easy to operate, proper labels and appropriate lights are placed where it is needed to allow the users locate it easily
       2.When it comes to safety, it assures that the users privacy is secured by placing covers to the pad and implementing the process of encryption
       3.Multiple functions are provided allowing the user have  a greater control, it is vey useful especially in case of emergencies
       4.Graphics that are implemented is not harmful to the eye, it is simple and colors used is appropriate
       
       Negative
       1.It lacks constraints such as limitation of entering an amount divisible by 100, this can cause errors to the user by entering a wrong amount.
       2.The locations of the machine is crowded that reduces the safety of the user, this type of environment can be annoying to some users
       3.Some buttons are not functioning well, it does not response with the user even it is clicked.
       4.The screen display has a black area which affects the labels of the buttons, this can really be distracting and might cause disturbance when using the machine

       QUESTIONS
       
       
      
      
      
       METROBANK
	Positive
       1.Has a female voice-over to guide you and instruct you.
       2.Lights are not disturbing and has a security camera.
       3.The keypad has cover over your hands to hide your pin when entering it.
       4.Has arrows to direct you to the button which you should press.
       It also has light guiding for you to know what is coming out of the machine. (e.g. Receipt, ATM card)
      
       Negative
       1.Does not have confirmations before every transaction.
       2.It is not consistent with other machines in the entering of the pin. (Some machines require you to press 
       enter after you typed your pin)
       3.The receipt is sometimes slow in coming out. Some users will tend to forget to get theirs.
       4.If the machine does not have money, it does not inform the user in the withdraw option until the entry of 
       amount.

       QUESTIONS
     
     
     
     
     
     
       STERLING BANK OF ASIA
       Positive
       -Machines function fast  enough not to hinder the users.
       -The lightings are fine, although the opinion might differ when tried out during the night.
       -The instructions are easy to follow
       - Basic functionalities could be easily done and accessed by beginner computer users.
       
       Negative
       -The areas of the ATM’s are all too public for safety usage. The ATM’s are also poorly guarded.
       -The numeric keypads are obviously not well-maintained. (Full of rusts and some other slight defects)
       -Color combinations aren’t good for the eyes (ie. Sterling bank’s color scheme orange-blue hurts the eyes  ) 
       -This one’s more of a matter of opinion, but there are times when the contents of the ATM window occupies a lot less space when compared with the unused portions of the window. Those spaces could have been used more efficiently probably through making the texts look bigger and more centralized.

       QUESTIONS
       
     
     
     
     
     
       D. Usability Goals
       
       
       
       

        Sterling Bank of Asia

       1. Effective to use (effectiveness)
       -Sterling’s ATM can do an ATM’s basic functions (withrawal and balance inquiry).
       - It also provides deposit and payment function for different companies, groups and agencies.

       2. Efficient to use (efficiency)
       - The card can be inserted  and retrieved fluidly.
       -It shows important information that should be known specially by the users on the screen.
       -Receipts are available.
       -It has cash inside to give during withdrawals. 

       3. Safe to use (safety)
       - The light and colors could easily damage the eyes when used for more than around a minute.
       -The ATM  isn’t guarded well and its location is too public for a withdrawal machine..

       4. Having good utility (utility)
       -The buttons at the sides of the monitor serve their function well as they’re easy  to understand and use by the users with low computer literacy.
       -It provides bank account information that are important/critical for the users if left unknown such as account balances.

       5. Easy to learn (learnability)
       -The buttons and keypads are easy to learn, although it might take some time for the user to learn all the ropes around all the ATM’s services offered.
       -Basic functions are specially made easy to control for users.

       6. Easy to remember how to use (memorability)
       -With only a few buttons, one could easily remember what to push and type. If forgotten, the screen always guides you step-by-step.
       -The steps are easy to follow and memorize as there are patterns to be spotted when using the machine. (ie. Insert card, pick service, wait for the service, get card... etc. Different ATM’s have different sequences for the functions.)

       QUESTIONS
       
       
       
       
       
       E. Usability Criteria


2. Developing alternative designs that meet those requirements (Designing Alternatives)
       A. Compare and Contrast
       
       B. Design Principles
         RCBC
         1. Visibility
         -The keyboard is placed just below the screen, and it’s the main component on how you will work the machine, it is also color coded to recognize its functions easily. There are also buttons on the side of the screen for the user to choose what function he/she desires.  This buttons are designed in an embossed manner making it as a signal to the user that it is responsive and can be pressed to perform a particular action , the ATM card slot is also labeled and provided with light to let the user know where to insert the card
         
         2. Feedback
         - The user would know if the transaction is complete when the ATM displays the message to claim the Transaction Receipt. 
         - when a user clicks a button, there is a sound provided to signal that the user has pressed or has interacted with the button, appropriate light are also provided in the atm machine such as when the money is about to go out in the machine a light will appear that serves as a signal, and it is also provided in the atm card slot, allowing the user to know if the atm is ready to accept the atm card

         3. Constraints
         -it has a limit when it comes to entering the pin code, it does not accept the response of the user such as clicking a number when 6 digits are already entered
         -some buttons are disabled when it does not have any functions to be offered,

         4. Consistency
         -Its interface is designed to work the same as other machines, external consistency is also present in the machine such as the usual keypad format, the location of the other buttons and the ATM card is similar to other atm machine. 
         -when it comes to the interface, the buttons are always placed on the same location for every transaction, when it comes to decision such as yes or no, it is always placed on the right side of the screen, 

         5. Affordance
         -The buttons of the ATM machine are provided with labels, this signals the user that it is interactive or plays an important role in the machine, the ATM card slot is also labeled properly by letting the user easily recognize its purpose.


       
         METROBANK
       1.Visibiliy
	-The buttons are paired with the designated transactions or selections on the screen.  It is aligned just beside the button so that the user will know what button to press.
       
       2. Feedback 
	-The machine responds to various actions starting from the entering of the pin code. The selection of buttons. It plays a beeping sound. The lights also on the ATM card slot and receipt slot shows if the card or receipt is about to go out. It also has a screen dedicated for the transaction process.
      
       3. Constraints 
	-Some constraints of the machine starts from the entering the pin code to the desired limitations of numbers allowed to enter. It also constraints the user not to enter denominations that are not divisible by 100 thereby eliminating the option of entering centavos or have extra amounts. (e.g. 1001)
      
       4. Consistency 
	-The machine itself is consistent with the other ATMs as their designs are almost the same but with different colors and variations. It also uses the conventional keypad and the same operations for the transactions.
       
       5. Affordance
	-The attribute of the machine is of its monitor and screen. The ATM card slot at the side also indicates that a card must be inserted to the machine in order to use it. The slot box at the bottom also allows the users to have an idea that money is to come out of that machine.

       
       STERLING BANK OF ASIA

       
       1.Visibility 
	-Although the buttons beside the screen could be easily seen, it has been hard to use the number pad with its metal cover going against the eyes’ line of vision.

       2.Feedback 
	-It prompts the user and clearly asks for input through flashing sentences on the screen.

       3.Constraints 
	-It only has a number pad so that the userswill  not to mistakenly input letters when not needed.
	-The buttons beside the screen are far enough from the number pad. The users won’t accidentally push the buttons when typing the amount.

       4.Consistency 
	-All  functions are shown right after inserting the debit card. It is consistent with its interface, always requiring the user to push the button that corresponds with the desired function at first, showing a prompt message, and then asking for input. 

       5. Affordance
	-All instructions are shown through the screen.
	-The instructions are easy to understand without intricate and flowery vocabularies. It is straight to the point.

       
       
       C. Reflection
